Review SV (#78)
inSileco/inSileco.github.io: content/post/current/2020/inSilecoMisc_p1/index.Rmd

adjustStrings(1:10, n = 2)
```

But I was rapidly interested in having a more flexible function. So, I added several parameters to do that! 
In the last version of `inSilecoMisc`, `adjustStrings()` have 5 arguments:

1. `x`: the input character vector to be adjusted;

> 2. `n`: the number of characters to be added or used to produce fix length strings;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. `n`: the number of characters to be added or used to determine the length of output strings;
```

```{R}
cat(loremIpsum())
```
but also allow the user to choose a number of words:

```{R}
loremIpsum(18)
```

Note the escape characters (`\n`)! Now let's focus on `keepWords()`. Assuming I

> want to extract the second word in both sentences `loremIpsum(18)` an `be or not to be`, all I have to do is:

Reviewer: an => and

keepWords(c(loremIpsum(18), "be or not to be"), c(2:3), collapse = NULL)
```

> Note that all punctuations signs will be removed (this can be changed with argument `split_words `)!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that all punctuation characters will be removed (this can be changed with argument `split_words `)!
```

> There are two other functions that work similarly: `keepLetters()` and `keepInitials()`. The former select letters instead of words.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are two other functions that work similarly: `keepLetters()` and `keepInitials()`. The former selects letters instead of words.
```
